Go faster
The power of the woman Zhao family is far beyond your imagination
It would drown your family
Let me go
Dalang is not enough
Keep calling me
Make them stop
Seriously killed
It's hard to explain over there
If you kill it, you will be killed
I work well
Never have to explain to anyone
Linlang
Who the hell are you?
Is he the Lin Lang I know?
Chu Yang, don't worry.
No matter who I am
I will always be your wife
Yaoyao's mother
This woman likes and dislikes
Remember you.
I am Lin Lan
I'm afraid you don't remember it well enough
I'm here to help you deepen your impression
Put him up for me
What do you want?
I'm warning you not to come here.
You'd better let me go for so long
You know what?
If your head endures it, none of you can run away
Let go
Okay, hey.
Count you as a woman
Hey, you want to stay with me for another month.
I can consider asking my mom to spare you.
You misunderstood.
I mean I could consider letting you go
But you broke Chu Yang's leg
I want your leg back.